
The Cure might have been headlining the Pyramid Stage, but Glastonbury's final day was all about envelope-pushing pop divas.", 'Billie Eilish, Janelle Monae and Christine And The Queens played across the site, bringing with them messages of liberation, empowerment and acceptance.', 'Monae, who headlined the West Holts stage, delivered a potent mix of sex and politics, encouraging the crowd to embrace their sexuality by declaring: "Say it loud, I\'m dirty and proud".', 'A field away, Christine and the Queens\' Heloise Letissier was also preaching tolerance, pronouncing the Other Stage "a safe space - because if there\'s no judgment, then anything can happen".', 'Both artists identify as queer or pansexual - and their placement at the top of the bill felt like an affirmation.', '"I have to say it\'s quite emotional for me to be here," said Letissier, "because I didn\'t grow up used to winning. It feels like I\'m winning something here and it scares me a little bit."', 'She revealed that as a child, unsure of how to fit in, she escaped into theatre, where she could dream her own universe into existence.', '"So now, if I want to sing for four minutes and I\'m a man, then it\'s true because I believe it.', '"And that\'s exactly what I\'m going to do," she said, launching into iT - a song about how she felt it necessary to adopt masculine characteristics to survive in the music industry.', 'Monae also discussed her inability to fit in as a "queer black woman growing up in America".', '"I almost didn\'t make it here," she said. "But something told me that we have to spread more love [because] the balance is off. ', '"In darkness, you choose love."', "Monae's set was full of colour and joy, the formerly buttoned-up performer shooting water guns into the audience and letting loose with big, goofy dance moves. ", 'During the delirious funk work-out QUEEN she even waggled her tongue like a latter-day Gene Simmons.', "Letissier's set was more theatrical, but no less sensual, as she tussled with dancers and ripped open her billowing red shirt.", 'But it was her vulnerability as she performed The Walker alone, under a single spotlight that really left an impression. ', 'Earlier on the same stage, teenage newcomer Billie Eilish opened up with her hit single Bad Guy - a song that turns the tables on sexual politics - her every word reflected back by hordes of delirious fans.', 'The 17-year-old had been bumped up the bill, having originally been booked for the John Peel Stage, before her career took off at the start of the year.', '"Damn, there\'s a lot of you," she declared, but Eilish was supremely comfortable playing to thousands - even lying flat on her back to sing When I Was Older.', "She was watched from the side of the stage by fashion designer Stella McCartney (who dressed the star in a jumpsuit themed around The Beatles' Yellow Submarine) and festival organiser Emily Eavis, who, on the basis of this performance, could be eyeing Eilish up as a future headliner.", 'The one person who wasn\'t satisfied was Eilish herself. "There\'ve been a lot of technical issues, which is why I look angry," she told the audience before she played Bury A Friend. "I\'ve been angry the whole show. Thank you for not leaving. You could have."', "The line-up of strong female performers on Glastonbury's closing day also included Kylie Minogue, Stefflon Don and Miley Cyrus. ", "Cyrus gave a crowd-pleasing set spliced her own hits with a series of well-judged covers, including Dolly Parton's Jolene, Metallica's Nothing Else Matters, and Amy Winehouse's Back To Black - which she performed with Mark Ronson.", 'She also brought out her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus, and rapper Lil Nas X to play the viral hit Old Town Road - one of the overall highlights of the festival.', 'Immediately before her, Kylie drew the biggest crowd of the entire weekend for a joyous, emotional set of pure pop.', 'But none of this is to denigrate The Cure, whose dreamy, transformative indie pop was the perfect antidote to a weekend of hedonism and heatwaves.', 'They drew a massive crowd to the Pyramid Stage and played almost every hit you could ask for, from Pictures Of You, In Between Days and Just Like Heaven.', 'But they really pulled out the stops on the thrilling seven-song encore. ', '"It\'s difficult to translate what we do," frontman Robert Smith told the crowd as he walked out for the final part of the show, then he stopped himself. ', '"Hang on… it isn\'t that difficult. The next half-hour is Glastonbury."', "From there, they rattled through Lullaby, The Caterpillar, The Walk, Friday I'm In Love, Close To Me and Why Can't I Be You, before finishing on a euphoric Boys Don't Cry.", '"That was good fun," said Smith, looking visibly moved. "Thank you… And see you again."', 'And with that, Glastonbury was over for 2019. ', 'The festival returns next year, when it will mark its 50th anniversary.
Despite only having 12 MPs, the Lib Dems have tried to position themselves as the main anti-Brexit party.', 'They are calling for another Brexit referendum and - if that happened - would campaign for the UK to remain in the European Union.', 'By contrast, both Labour and the Conservatives have been plagued by infighting over their Brexit strategies.', 'The splits in the two main parties appear to have benefited the Lib Dems. ', "In May's European Parliament elections the Lib Dems came second with 16 seats - behind the Brexit Party's 29.", 'That result, accompanied by recent surges in the opinion polls, represents a remarkable turnaround. ', 'In the 2014 European elections - when the Lib Dems were in a coalition government with the Conservatives - they lost all but one of their MEPs (Members of the European Parliament).  ', 'It got worse. In the 2015 general election they lost 49 of their 57 MPs and left government.', 'The party was written off by many as a spent force. But its anti-Brexit position appears to have breathed new life into the party, at least for the time being. ', 'The current leader, Sir Vince Cable, told party members in May he was standing down after two years in charge.  ', 'The 76-year-old said it was time "to make way for a new generation".', 'In the race to take over, two contenders have emerged: Jo Swinson and Sir Ed Davey.', 'Jo Swinson', "Jo Swinson has been Sir Vince's deputy for two years, and speaks for the party on foreign affairs.", 'In the 2015 general election she lost her East Dunbartonshire seat to the Scottish National Party, but won it back two years later. She has also served in government - as a business minister in the coalition government until 2015.', 'On Brexit, Ms Swinson wants to block a no-deal Brexit -  an outcome she compares "to planning for your house to burn down". ', 'She says some Conservative MPs would support her, when faced with a "disastrous" outcome for the country.', 'Ms Swinson has ruled out joining forces with Labour to form a government, describing leader Jeremy Corbyn as a "Brexiteer".', 'Instead, she wants to work informally with MPs from all parties.', "If she wins, Jo Swinson would become the first female leader in the Lib Dems' 31-year history.", 'Sir Ed Davey', 'A key figure in the Conservative-led government, Sir Ed Davey became energy and climate change secretary in 2012.', 'Sir Ed also had an unplanned break from Parliament. In 2015 he was defeated in his Kingston and Surbiton seat after 18 years as an MP, but won it back from the Conservatives in 2017.', 'He says a vote of no confidence in the government could prevent a no-deal Brexit - something he describes as the "nuclear option".', 'In such a scenario, Sir Ed says he would push for the Lib Dems to form a temporary government with other parties.', '"That would just be a temporary government for one purpose and one purpose alone - to pass the legislation for a people\'s vote," he said, making the case for another public vote on the issue.', "Like Ms Swinson, he has ruled out working with Jeremy Corbyn - but he's said he would be willing to work with other Labour MPs, including Yvette Cooper. ", 'On many of the other key issues, there are few big differences between the contenders. ', "That's because Lib Dem policy is decided by its members at party conference, and not by the leader.", 'The leader will be chosen by Lib Dem party members. Just over 106,000 people have been sent ballot papers.', 'Research carried out by the Party Members Project - run by professor Tim Bale of Queen Mary, University of London - shows the average Lib Dem member is around 50 years old -  younger than the Conservatives and Labour, but not quite as young as the Greens.
The UK is in the middle of a decades-long wealth boom. Total wealth now stands at a record £12.8 trillion, or almost £13 million million. ', 'But where you live, and when you were born plays a big part in how much of that wealth you are likely to own.', "In the 1960s and 1970s, the UK's collective wealth - the value of our property, pensions and savings - was about three times as big as the UK economy's national output, or GDP. But since the 1980s, as wealth has boomed, it has surged to close to seven times the size of annual GDP. This growth continued even through the 2008 financial crisis. ", "The country's wealth boom has been driven mainly by rising house prices and pension entitlements, combined with rising home ownership in the 1980s and 1990s. People often think of wealth as being held in property and, to an extent, they are correct - at £4.6tn, it represents 36% of total wealth. ", 'However, the total value of pensions is actually marginally bigger at £5.3tn - 42% of total wealth. Net financial wealth - savings, Isas, stocks and shares - is worth £1.6tn. Physical wealth - wealth in possessions - is harder to measure but, according to the latest data, we even own £4.3bn worth of personalised number plates.', 'How much wealth do you need to be in the wealthiest part of the population? ', 'To do this, we break the adult population down into families, and then sort them into 10 equally sized groups - or deciles - based on their wealth. In 2018-19, you needed wealth of around £670,000 per adult - excluding physical possessions - to get into the richest tenth of families.', 'Wealth of £105,000 per adult would put you in the top half of the population. By contrast, debt and a lack of property and pension wealth means the bottom tenth of families have less than £3 per adult.', 'Wealth is not shared equally across the country. But this is not a story of ever-rising inequality. In fact, the share of wealth held by the richest 1% fell for most of the 20th Century, and has been stable ever since. ', 'This shift is mainly down to the sharp rise in home-ownership.', 'We have moved a long away from the Downton Abbey world of the 1920s. However, there are still enormous wealth gaps between different households. ', 'Much of our wealth is concentrated in London and the South East, where a few households have very large amounts of it. The average London adult has family wealth of £87,000, but this rises to £389,000 among the richest quarter.', "This is because London's population is young and home ownership is low, so a typical household has relatively little wealth. In fact, high-wealth households in the capital have 24 times as much wealth as low-wealth ones.", 'Many of us aim to build up wealth over our lives, from getting on the property ladder to saving and investing, and watching our pension pots grow. But the personal wealth of those born from the mid-1960s onwards is not growing at the same rate as that of their parents and grandparents. ', 'They are less likely to have become homeowners in time to benefit from the rapid house price growth that started in the 1980s, or to have been enrolled in generous pension schemes. ', 'This is part of the reason why 60-somethings are the wealthiest age group, with average wealth equivalent to £332,000. Many are at the end of a career and have had time to accumulate savings, pensions and property.', 'By contrast, those in their 80s have £186,000, while individuals in their 30s have £55,000. Those in their 20s have just £2,000 in wealth.', 'The final stage of wealth is passing it on to the next generation through inheritance. Inheritances have more than doubled over the last 20 years - and are expected to do so again over the next 20, as larger, wealthier generations pass through retirement.', "This means millennials - the generation currently aged 19-38 - are set for an inheritance boom in the future. But it's a long way off, with the average millennial not expected to receive it until they reach 61; that's far too late to help them on to the property ladder.", "And those are the lucky ones. Nearly half of millennials who don't yet own homes have parents with no property wealth, meaning they are unlikely to receive a significant inheritance. By contrast, those with home-owning parents are three times as likely to own a home by the age of 30.", 'More like this', "Why does the size and distribution of the UK's wealth matter? ", 'Many hope that hard work and a good job mean you can earn your way to prosperity. But large wealth gaps mean that whether you receive an inheritance could become the most important factor.', 'Those without this source of wealth are more likely to face long-term housing insecurity, higher private rental costs, and insufficient funds for their retirement. The country is doing a pretty good job of growing its £13tn wealth pile, but less well at sharing it equally. ', 'How much wealth we have is often regarded as a private affair, but who holds it and how it is accumulated matters for the wider economy, and society as a whole.', 'About this piece', 'This analysis piece was commissioned by the BBC from an expert working for an outside organisation. 
The ice was up to 1.5m (5ft) thick in places, half-burying vehicles. ', 'Civil protection machinery was deployed to clear streets in the city of five million located north of the capital, Mexico City.  ', 'Local officials also reported flooding and fallen trees, but no-one is thought to have been hurt. The storm hit very quickly, between about 01:50 (06:50 GMT) and 02:10 local time, when the air temperature dropped suddenly from 22C to 14C.', 'The city had been basking in temperatures of more than 30C. It has been hit by hail storms before, but seldom this heavy.   ', 'Hailstorms form when warm, moist air from the surface rises upwards forming showers and storms. Temperatures higher up, even in summer, can get well below 0C and so ice crystals form along with something called "supercooled water" which then grows into pellets of ice. ', 'In severe thunderstorms, air can rise rapidly and is able to hold up these hailstones and allow them to expand in size. Eventually they get too heavy and fall to the ground.', 'In warmer parts of the year, such as in Guadalajara which has maximum temperatures of around 31-32C in June, more moisture is available, contributing to the formation of hailstorms.', 'Temperatures this month have been higher than normal with Torreon, to the north of Guadalajara, reaching highs of 37C.', 'The authorities say 200 homes have been damaged and dozens of vehicles swept away in the city and surrounding districts.  ', 'State governor Enrique Alfaro described it as incredible, according to AFP news agency. ', '"Then we ask ourselves if climate change is real. These are never-before-seen natural phenomena," he said. ', 'According to BBC Weather, the hail probably melted on contact due to the high temperatures forming a layer of water upon which more hail could land and float. 
Caribbean-born Reverend Rose Hudson-Wilkin said her appointment should broadcast how diverse the Church was.', 'She described being racially abused in the street recently, when a passer-by told her to "go back to Africa".', 'Currently chaplain to the Queen and Commons speaker, she will become Bishop of Dover in November. ', 'Speaking on BBC Radio 4\'s Today programme, Rev Hudson-Wilkin said: "It\'s been a long time coming and we\'re working at it and we are going to hold them [the Church] to account," she said.', '"The reality is minority ethnic membership makes up a significant part of the Church and this must be reflected in its leadership, not just with one person here and another person there.', '"It must begin to filter through so that young people in minority ethnic background growing up within the life of the Church, within the life of this country, can see images of themselves reflected throughout."', 'She added: "Visibility is important because if people can see it, then though know they belong."', 'Rev Hudson-Wilkin has openly criticised the Church\'s lack of diversity and has accused it of "institutional racism" in the past. ', '"I am Caribbean, I am Jamaican and I am a child of God."Rev Dr Rose Hudson-Wilkin on being appointed the Church of England\'s first black female bishop #r4today https://t.co/fmBqgNziMa pic.twitter.com/uXv1c4TSbp', 'As with any institution which has worked in a particular way for a long time, it was "always going to be difficult to see the change that is necessary", she said. ', 'Meanwhile, the Church of England is asking urge Christians to sign up to a digital charter to help foster a "positive atmosphere" online.', 'The charter centres on five principles of truth, kindness, welcome, inspiration and togetherness, the Church says. ', "It will be launched by Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby during a visit to Facebook's UK headquarters. ", 'He said: "Each time we interact online we have the opportunity either to add to currents of cynicism and abuse or to choose instead to share light and grace."', 'It is also setting rules for people posting on its own social media accounts. ', 'People who post inappropriate, unsuitable or offensive comments on national social media accounts run by the Church of England, the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Archbishop of York may be reported or blocked, the guidelines say.', 'Church appoints first black female bishop', "Instagram 'sympathy scammers' exploit support for Sudan